Upgrade to PHP 7.1+ (#271)
intercom/intercom-php: README.md

## Installation

> This library supports PHP 7.3, 7.2 and 7.1.

Reviewer: 3... 2... 1... 🚀

I would suggest a copy amend here, makes it easier to read and keeps it open for future cases:
```suggestion
This library supports PHP 7.1 and later
```
